The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, that's the crazy thing when people like kind of a, like,
they have so much like hatred towards someone else for having a different view
than them, or being in a different situation. And you're like,
do just understand you were like two little circumstances away from being that
guy. I see that a lot with people and I'm on the side of like gun rights.
Like I'm not for gun control,
but the people who are like really to these teenage kids who are like becoming
famous and you're like, dude,
if you were a teenager and you could have just been on the news and everyone's
praising you because you take this position sub we'd all do that.
The exact same thing yesterday,
I was talking about one of these NRA guys that was mocking these kids. I'm like,
you're out of your mind. If anybody should be talking about,
we got to do something it's kids that got shot at sure. I mean,
this is they gun. They have the floor.
Now I understand they're supposed to have the floor. I mean,
they just got shot at,
they lost their friends and they are standing up and maybe they're not informed
about a lot of issues.
Maybe they don't know what a semi-automatic or an AR 15 is.
Maybe they don't know those, those details,
but they know that no one's doing and people keep getting shot.
Of bad. Cause they survived. Like, like they got lucky.
They're not bad. They just weren't on the right place.
But here's the thing. No, one's talking about that Maryland one.
And we don't talk about.
Yes, but you know, because again, conflict tell the story.
So more or less in Maryland, uh, there was,
there was a school shooting or a kid came into school with a gun,
but they had an armed security guard. He took them out. Nobody does.
Military training guy got rid of him quick.
And that's what NRA advocates are saying. Like, Hey,
this is a good thing. We should,
we should have someone who's an armed and ready responder at the
school to prevent this kind of from happening.
And there's a lot of veterans that would take that job happily.
And you would have your kids 100% safe and people are like, no,
that's not the solution. The solution is take the guns away.
Um, I don't like the idea of armed security at school.
I don't like the idea of metal detectors.
I don't like the idea of arming teachers,
but it's like to just dismiss that and be like, no gun controls.
The only reasonable measure I think is, is naive. But just to the point,
like you were saying before, I have no problem with people being like, Hey CNN,
shouldn't just be putting these kids on without having someone to rebut it or
they shouldn't be putting this on and just say,
but to actually go at the kid and be like, oh, this kid's, you know,
just milking this experience. Like yeah,
whatever any of us would do a thing like that.
You know, I don't have a horse in the race. I don't really give a.
I don't really shoot guns. And I know the only one I've shot guns.
It's just been really fun. There's no part of me that, like,
I think I would swallow it a little more if people that like were really, uh,
you know, a big gun advocates, which is kind of admit that like, dude,
it's pretty awesome. We want to blow up. It's great. You know? Um,
but you get this other sort of thing where I just think that you should have
people that are really trained really responsible. Um,
and we should have specific measures in place, um, in order.
And I know we do have that,
but maybe we should look at it and push that line back even a little bit more
because yeah, you're right. Even in the example of the dude, you know,
taking out that kid in that school,
I don't necessarily have an issue with having an armed security guard at the
school to protect children, but I kind of have an issue with somebody who,
you know,
you don't know when his girlfriend broke up with him and when this dude went
bat. Right. So even when you have to give people psychological exams,
like when do they go crazy?
When is there a moment where somebody snaps and now they're crazy?
Yeah. I actually, I I'm, I'm completely against, uh,
gun control of just about any kind. I actually think when people,
a lot of times Republicans will go, it's not about gun control.
It's about mental health.
I think that's even more of a cop-out because you're like,
what the are you even saying by that? Like, what are you, you know,
there's lots of when you say mental health, it's like,
there's lots of people who suffer from like anxiety, depression,
like all these things that doesn't mean there are risks to others.
Like what are you actually going to say? Like I'm for unfettered gun rights,
but everyone has to have like a psychological exam.
And it's as if there's some way that we can predict who's going to shoot up a
school. And the truth of the matter is it's really tough.
No, it definitely is. But what you're saying,
isn't entirely correct because it is absolutely about mental health and you have
to be crazy to be a school shooter.
And most of these people are on some sort of psychiatric medicine.
There's a giant percentage of them.
So it is in fact a mental health issue because there aren't,
they're literally on most of them,
like the vast percentage of them are on mental health medication.
So the question is whether or not it's the mental health medication that's
causing them to do this or whether or not they were already crazy.
And that medication was just trying to treat this disease and they got ahold of
guns enough. The problem is the guns. Yes.
So maybe I didn't say that like precisely enough.
Cause I agree with everything you just said,
I'm just making the point that the idea that it's like, oh,
all we know is that there's this category of people who have mental health
issues and they shouldn't be allowed to get guns is way too broad. But you know,
I actually, I think again, like you, you mentioned earlier, it's like, dude,
they'll say these anyone who's real up nowadays.
Like as a lot of mental health issues a lot and is in school,
they're going to put them on trucks. They put anyone who's borderline on drugs.
So the really up kids are on like a cocktail of drugs.
And they'll admit with a lot of these,
like anti-depressants anti-psychotics that they can cause suicidal tendencies.
Some people will even say they cause homicidal tendencies.
So I think it's pretty reasonable.
That may be in some very small percentage of them.
They cause you to just want to go or they push you at least in the direction of
wanting to go, just shoot up a bunch of people.
That's a relief relieve. You have the feeling of consequences. There's there,
there they disassociate you from whatever you're experiencing.
That's that's one of the most disconcerting things about the idea that if
someone has homicidal thoughts,
but they're keeping them at bay and then they take some pill that saying, Hey,
it. Let's do this. Let's do this. You're not.
Exercising. The whatever,
the mental processes of not killing people on your own,
you need this thing to do it. And then you don't have your medication.
One day I heard you talk about this. The other day was kind of interesting.
I forget who was on, maybe it was Metzker or somebody,
but you were talking about people.
That he was very calm, cool, and collected. So.
Relax on that episode, it was weird. The best, uh.
The best advertisement for caveman nitrile you could have possibly have.
It will make you into a.
The Maryland school shooter was killed by his own bullet.
Not the school resource officer police said, oh,
he shot himself in the head when the guy was coming after him. Okay. But still.
Kind of a similar moral of the story that maybe the guy behind his hand to meet
him, shoot himself.
And this, and this is definitely not the same story.
The story was that this arm guy took him out. Yes.
That's what, that's what I.
Heard as well. That's what I had heard.
Like I had heard a deceptive version of it then,
because I heard that this guy engaged in a firefight with this kid and killed
him instantly. Yeah.
I read like six different articles that said that. So yeah. Okay.
So that maybe that's incorrect.
There's too many things to pay attention to.
There's a shot hit the shooter's gun, which is in, uh, in his hand.
His shot hit the shooter's gun before, after the shooter shot himself.
So he shot himself with a gun that got shot.
This is the officers. The officer shot struck Rawlins gun,
which was in the teens hand. The Sheriff's office said, nevertheless,
his quick action confronting Rollins, just three minutes after the teen shot,
two students has been credited with bringing the incident.
To a quicker. So the guy did shoot. The kid.
Got killed.
Well. So he, he shot him. And then when the, after the guy shot him,
he just shot himself while he still could praise.
Shot him. Say that again.
It says the praise came even when it was unclear, which shot killed the teen.
And he definitely seems like he shot him. I mean, he was in the fire.
He really wasn't a firefight with this guy. Yeah.
All right, dude, I look, look,
I think there's not a single answer to any of this.
I think it is definitely a mental health issue. I think you're not going to,
nobody's going to come up with a law. That's going to figure all this out.
I just, I don't live. I joked about it before,
but I kind of live my life in a sort of ignorance is bliss state with this type
of. I mean, I don't know. I,
I have to guess my kid's not going to be shot to death in a school one day,
knock on wood. Right. I know. And it's, and it's a horrible, horrible thing. Um,
but the reality is,
I don't know if these people that are so obsessed with everything and just
they're making it their lives.
I almost feel like they're kind of missing the point. Uh, you know, if I,
my kid,
isn't going to be out at a rally holding a sign and I'm not spending my days
doing that with them. I'm spending my days creating memories with them and,
and just trying to spend my life in a good life.
And I'm not really politicizing anything with my five-year-old.
Well, well,
there's people that feel like they want to do something they want to change.
They don't want this to happen again. And if you lost your kid,
you'd probably feel that way too. I mean, there's, there's,
there's way too many of these things is way too many of them.
So we've got to figure out what it is.
I think the real issue resolved realize rather, um,
it lies here's one, one giant part of the problem.
Everybody's looking at the final piece of the puzzle,
the final piece of the puzzle, it all comes together. Is the school shooting.
What gets someone to that position?
How do they get to that? You got to go to step one,
not to step 10 of step 10 is a school shooting. You gotta,
you gotta figure out how do we get less people to go from step one, to step two?
How do we keep more people happy as young people?
How do we give more people support headed?
We give more people therapy or exercise or recreation or
friendship or community guidance or whatever the we're doing,
where we alienate people to the point where they literally want to go and shoot
everybody else. It's like the, the,
the physical equivalent of like flipping over a game when you're losing.
I think, yeah. That's a great analogy by the way.
I think that's exactly what it is. It's like, oh, this world is so bad for me.
Well, you make.
It this for everybody. that nice teacher.
I've thought I completely agree with what you're saying.
And I think maybe the silver lining in this,
like the best thing that could come out of this,
and it has nothing to do with a law is just that kids in high school will think
twice before they're brutally ostracizing some other kid, because you're like,
Hey, watch out. That kid might be the one who wants to murder a little guy.
Oh, that's the only thing, dude. People, kids think they're invincible.
They're not thinking about that. I remember when I, you know,
Columbine was so such a big news story when I was, I was in high school,
I believe at the time. Um, I was sure, yeah, it was your birthday actually.
And my birthday that year, it's real up.
Uh, dude, it was, it was such a big deal.
It w I had never seen anything like that before. Um, this is before 9 11,
9 11 was the next big, big thing. But the, you know,
it happens so often now that because of the internet,
I almost feel like people are also desensitized to like how crazy it was because
Columbine dude,
it was bizarre watching the images on the news of the people running out of that
school. It was like haunting.
And I remember watching it and my mom made this point and shoot,
my mom's a drug addict lunatic,
but she had these weird little moments in her life where she said some crazy.
And she was like, yeah, she's like, you know what? Yeah,
maybe they shouldn't have with those kids just in a weird way. And I was like,
oh, I'm really like defending these. Like, but she just kinda,
it wasn't defending the act of people getting killed,
but it was sort of looking at the root with, which is what you're saying. And,
and she, you know, she's kind of made that point.
It kind of always stuck with me. Well.
Even more than like, which I get the point,
but even more than other kids bullying them,
the truth is if you want to get at the root, you want to be like, Hey,
parents love your kids and give them a really good childhood. But it's like,
how do you actually make that happen?
There's a natural,
natural inclination that animals have to pick on the weaker ones.
It's a terrible natural inclination.
The human beings have to avoid because chickens do it. I have chickens,
my chickens with the smaller chickens and the less aggressive chickens,
they them up. They have a pecking order. You know, I've seen it with dogs.
One dog that comes to alpha, the pack takes over dominates.
The other dogs is a natural thing. It's natural,
it's natural and every single animal community. And it's natural with people,
but we're smart. And we understand the consequences of that.
And you've got to give those kids a reason to not do that, you know,
but there's also the problem with like,
if you're going to school with LeBron James, okay.
Like standing next to this giant super athlete, you like kind of.
Genetic roll. The dice that I get, this mother got all ACEs. He's got five ACEs,
like seven feet tall. He weighs 300 pounds. He moves like a Panther.